<p>The Air C2 applications gallery is a gallery of maps and apps for an Air Operations Officer to maintain a common operating picture for command and control.</p>
<p>The <b>Air Plan</b> web applications and the associated scripts are used by Operations Officers to graphically display, analyze, and understand the Airspace Tasking Order and Airspace Control Order for the entire 24-hour period, using time-enabled layers to play through the whole timeline or select a particular point in time. Additional web apps are created to analyze other variables, like weather, and it's impact on operations. The script automates the creation of 3D airspace control measures, and optionally allows for the inclusion of elevation data to create control measures that undulate with the terrain, as opposed to simple shapes based on Mean Sea Level.</p>
<p>The <b>Air Tasking Order Briefing</b> and the associated scripts are used by the Intelligence Officer to ascertain the target locations, weather conditions at those specific times, and present them with associated imagery, intelligence, and mission parameters.</p>
<p>The <b>Recognized Air Picture</b> is a web map with associated web applications, dashboards, and GeoEvent configurations that the operations cell uses to understand the current airspace situation. It collects live feeds from civilian and military aircraft and provides alerts based on proximity to other aircraft or restricted airspace.</p>
<p>Most web apps include tools from other defense solution templates, i.e. Grid Overlay, Visibility, Distance and Direction, Coordinate Conversion, etc.</p>
<p>Finally, the <b>Operations Officer Daily Brief</b> is a story map that includes all the other web apps and is intended for use when briefing visitors, decision makers, or for shift change.</p>
<p>While the download provides most of the tools required to publish the requisite web maps, most of the documentation is designed to walk-through the download, setup, and configuration of these web applications and dashboards.</p>
<p>To get started, click <a href="./Copy-the-Sample-Data.md">here</a> to learn how to copy the sample data.</p>