<h3>Overview</h3>
<p>The Air Operations Command and Control Common Operating Picture is a gallery of maps and apps for an Air Operations Officer to maintain a common operating picture for command and control. These include a 3D web application built in Web AppBuilder for situational awareness and analysis, an operations dashboard for real-time awareness and decision making, and story map journals to brief pre- and post-action. These applications all reference a central web map and web scene integrated with other real-time data inputs analyzed using GeoEvent Extension.<p>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p>The Air C2 COP template requires specific technical experience and software.</p>
<table class="bordered stripe lined-columns lined-rows">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <td>Requirement</td>
      <td>Description</td>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Experience</td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>Authoring maps</li>
          <li>Publishing GIS services</li>
          <li>Administering ArcGIS Online groups and organizing content</li>
          <li>Configuring web app templates in Portal for ArcGIS</li>
          <li>Configuring GeoEvent Extension feeds</li>
          <li>Creating and sharing Operations Dashboard views</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Software</td>
      <td>
        <h5>Map authoring</h5>
        <ul>
          <li>ArcGIS for Desktop (Standard or Advanced)
            <ul>
              <li>ArcMap 10.4.1, and</li>
              <li>ArcGIS Pro 1.3</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
        <h5>GIS service hosting</h5>
        <ul>
          <li>ArcGIS for Server 10.4.1 (Standard or Advanced) with Spatial Analyst extension.
            <ul>
              <li>ArcGIS Data Store, and</li>
              <li>Enterprise geodatabase</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
        <h5>GeoEvent service publishing</h5>
        <ul>
          <li>ArcGIS GeoEvent Extension for Server 10.4.1</li>
        </ul>
        <h5>Application hosting</h5>
        <ul>
          <li>Microsoft Internet Information Services (IIS) 7.0 or higher</li>
          <li>Microsoft ASP.NET Framework 4.0 or 4.5</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Applications</td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<h3 id="what-you-get">What you get</h3>
<p>When you download the Air C2 COP Template, the download includes the following:</p>
<table class="bordered stripe lined-columns lined-rows">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <td>Folder</td>
      <td>Item</td>
      <td>Description</td>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan = "5">AirC2Weather</td>
      <td>Geodatabase</td>
      <td>Folder containing file geodatabase that contains the 2 mosaic datasets of weather data.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>NetCDFData</td>
      <td>Folder containing sample NetCDF data covering the State of California.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>RasterFunctions</td>
      <td>Folder containing raster functions and Python raster functions used to display the weather variables from the NetCDF data.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Scripts</td>
      <td>A folder of Scripts used within the Python raster functions and to download the NetCDF data from NOAA.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Tools</td>
      <td>Folder containing tools used within the downloading of the data from NOAA.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>database</td>
      <td>AirC2.gdb</td>
      <td>A file geodatabase that contains feature classes used as templates to create a Air C2 COP product.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan= "2">files\FlightSimulation</td>
      <td>CivilianFlightSimulation.csv</td>
      <td>Comma separated text file to be used in conjunction with the GeoEvent Simulator to represent civilian aircraft flight paths.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>MilitaryFlightSimulation.csv</td>
      <td>Comma separated text file to be used in conjuction with the GeoEvent Simulator to represent military aircraft flight paths.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan= "2">files\SampleACOandATO</td>
      <td>ExMontereyStrikeACO.aco</td>
      <td>Sample Airspace Control Order.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>ExMontereyStrikeATO.ato</td>
      <td>Sample Airspace Tasking Order.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>logs</td>
      <td colspan= "2">Empty directory used to store log files generated by the Airspace Management python scripts.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan= "9">maps</td>
      <td>AirC2_ACO_Status.mxd</td>
      <td>Map displaying the Airspace control means derived from the Airspace Control Order symbolized by current status. This is used to show what airspace is currently Active/Inactive.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>AirC2_ACO_Use.mxd</td>
      <td>Map displaying the Airspace control means derived from the Airspace Control Order symbolized by the control means type. The features are linked to the ACO Period table to enable them to be time aware.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>AirC2_AirspaceAlerts.mxd</td>
      <td>Map displaying Air Alerts for aircraft flying in to restricted airspace or threat areas.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>AirC2_ATO_Missions.mxd</td>
      <td>Map displaying the target locations from the Airspace Tasking Order. The features are linked to the ACO_Period table to enable them to be time aware.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>AirC2_CivilianAirTracks.mxd</td>
      <td>Map displaying the simulated civilian airplane positions.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>AirC2_TargetThreatAreas.mxd</td>
      <td>Map displaying the Simulated Civilian Airplane positions.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>AirC2_Land_Installations.mapx</td>
      <td>ArcGIS Pro map for displaying land installations. (ArcGIS Pro required to apply military symbology (2525D) using the in built dictionary renderer).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>AirC2_MilitaryAirTracks.mapx</td>
      <td>ArcGIS Pro map for displaying the simulated military airplane positions (ArcGIS Pro required to apply military symbology (2525D) using the in built dictionary renderer).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>AirC2_Airspace Control Means - Use.lyr</td>
      <td>Layer file containing sample symbology for airspace control means usage.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>output</td>
      <td colspan= "2">Empty directory used to store output files generated by the Airspace Management python scripts.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>tools</td>
      <td colspan= "2">Airspace Management processing toolbox and related scripts.</td>
    </tr>          
  </tbody>
</table>
